They have arrested the flabby Marquez for having
savagely hit a woman but
absolutely on the face because they
had some kind of altercation not in the
parking lot where one of the two was getting out of the
other's car doing some nonsense some
nonsense and the guy goes crazy like that
and starts beating her up tremendously and
the woman's face is left
completely bloody you don't understand
no And you say I said to her
Let me go get some paper and I'm
going to talk to her like this close no and she
says let me go get the paper to
fill out the insurance papers I imagine
the images are here too of
him smiling in all the photographs of
when they arrested him the guy is smiling
this after the altercation first
this is what some security cameras
and here we see how the woman goes to the car she
doesn't go look for the papers and he starts
hitting her but let's go like someone
fighting a boxer